nala: add page (#9890)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/nala.md

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# nala

> > Debian and Ubuntu package management utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Package management utility for Debian and Ubuntu.
```
How about this?

> Search for packages using `nala search`.

> > More information: <https://gitlab.com/volian/nala>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://gitlab.com/volian/nala>.
```

- Update System:

`nala update`

- Install a package, or update it to the latest available version:

`nala install {{package}}`

- Remove a package:

`nala remove {{package}}`

- Remove a package and its configuration files:

`nala purge {{package}}`

- Upgrade all installed packages to their newest available versions:

`nala upgrade`

> - Clean the local repository - removing package files (`.deb`) from interrupted downloads that can no longer be downloaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clean the local repository by removing package files (`.deb`) from interrupted downloads that can no longer be downloaded:
```

`nala autoclean`

> - Remove all packages that are no longer needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove all unused packages and dependencies:
```

`nala autoremove`

> - Upgrade installed packages (like `upgrade`), but remove obsolete packages and install additional packages to meet new dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade installed packages, remove obsolete packages and install additional packages to meet new dependencies:
```

`nala dist-upgrade`

> - Nala will then go get all the mirrors from the respective master list. Once done we test the latency and score each mirror. Nala will choose the fastest 3 mirrors (configurable) and write them to a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetch mirrors from the master list for your distribution (Nala will choose the fastest 3 configurable mirrors by testing latency and write them to a file):
```

`nala fetch`

> - History

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print history of all transactions:
```

`nala history`

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
